# Sphynx Token
## Contract
> Sphynx was created in anticipation for the launch of Pulse Chain. We are looking to take advantage of this fork and plan to launch multiple scalable businesses and applications within the Pulse Ecosystem as well as drive fresh eyes to projects created by Richard Heart.

<p>
Tokenomics
Sphynx Token - The BSC half:
Sphynx (SPX) is a BEP20 coin built upon the Binance Smartchain with an initial fixed supply of 1 Trillion, this supply will never increase, it will only decrease.
There will be a burn of 500 Million tokens (50%) and token liquidity will be generated by an initial presale.
There will be a 4% transaction fee total on every transaction.
2% will be added to liquidity 1%, will be distributed evenly amongst Sphynx holders and 1% will be burnt.
By buying Sphynx on BSC you are decreasing supply, minting rewards for holders, and protecting your downside risk by stabilizing the price.
Due to this being a community driven project, the more people that invest, the higher the price of the coin will become, the more eyes and investment Pulse and Hex will attract, and the higher the likelihood of success for our many Ideas in the pipeline.

Why BSC? - Continued:
Due to the Pulse network being a fork of Ethereum and not of BSC, we are able to create a variation of Sphynx that, based on interest and investment from community members and beyond, will determine the final token supply and distribution. It will not be duplicated over when the Pulse fork happens.
Once Pulse Mainnet has been launched, we will create a new coin on PULSE and allow people to swap 1:1 + 4% BSC Sphynx to Pulse Sphynx.
If we made Sphynx on Ethereum we would receive a duplicate copy of this on Pulse after the fork. We would have to make a Sphynx 2 and there would be 3 Sphynx tokens total , 1 on Ethereum, its duplicate on Pulse, and the new Sphynx we will create that would have the fee removed. This would inevitably lead to confusion and people buying the wrong version of Sphynx which will have negative effects as we begin our own journey up into the right. Using BSC solves this.
By using Eth we would run the risk of having fees skyrocket again. Spending $300 on a fee to buy a token is absurd. This would negatively impact what we are trying to accomplish. Even a $10 fee is too much.
The type of investors we are targeting does not hang around on Ethereum (apart from the Hexicans). Even though Hexicans hate Binance for gatekeeping our project and using their monopoly on the Crypto market for…..questionable activities, it is a necessary evil until pulse main net launches.

Why Shitcoin tokenomics? - Continued:
Just because we are adopting this method of determining final supply and distribution does not mean we are a Shitcoin, It would take too much time to create a mechanism like the Hex AA to achieve this and time is of the essence.
We know these tokenomics work, it encourages people to buy, hold and spread the word. Its also familiar to Shitcoin enthusiasts.
We want people to treat this as an investment into the future of Pulse as a network and as a way to generate more leads from the microcap investors, not as a Shitcoin to make quick gains. Some will want to support the gains they have already made and will make from Hex and Pulse by buying Sphynx.
We want to attract as many Hexicans as we can because they are the only people who can be trusted to have majority supply of this token.
We are confident in the Hexican communities ability to buy and hold, and spread the world thus making the price chart very attractive. Our buying and holding ability is so strong we might create only green candles. We DO NOT want to look like a honeypot! it might be a good idea to make a few transactions｜R｜E｜A｜D｜

Sphynx Token - The Pulse half:
0% fee on all transactions.
This will be a standard prc-20 token designed to be swapped 1:1 + 4%. BSC Sphynx to Pulse Sphynx.
Whatever the final liquid supply on BSC is at the time of Pulse main net launch, + 4% reimbursement for the fee when sending BSC Sphynx to get the swap, will be the new total supply of Pulse Sphynx. Profits from our ventures within the ecosystem will be used to buy back and burn Sphynx tokens.
The more support we have from the community encouraging users to use our products the greater Sphynx price will appreciate.

Sphynx supply and initial distribution
- SPX (ticker) - 1,000,000,000,000 (1 trillion) - total BSC supply
- 50% to be burnt (500 Billion)
- 20% developer allocation (200 Billion)
- 2% Airdrop (20 Billion)
- 8% Presale (80 Billion)
- 20% Public sale (200 Billion)

"to be burnt" explanation:
The value of the coins that are in the BSC burn address are deducted from the total marketcap value, because marketcap is a metric that people care about we want it to be high. The 50% of supply "to be burnt" will be not be sacrificed if that option becomes available. It will be swapped 1:1 + 4% for Pulse Sphynx and will be burnt there. It will NOT be sold on the market... Why the Explitive would we destroy our project if it gains community support?.
However, if the community wants us to send the 500B Sphynx to the burn address we will hold a vote in our telegram chat. We will make sure to let them know that if those coins are burnt prematurely it will have a negative effect on our marketcap metric on BSC which could stunt growth. If more people want those coins to be burnt than not, we will not hesitate to do so.

Developer allocation explanation:
It would be nice to have a stake in our own creation. Thanks.

Airdrop explanation:
20 Billion tokens will be airdropped to the first 2500 people to provide proof that they are members of the Pulse and Hex community.
To do this you must provide proof you are a member of the Hex and Pulsechain Telegram groups.
Take a screenshot of your Telegram dash and send that to @Sphynxairdrop as well as your preferred receiving address.
We will be sending the Airdrops in batches. After you have Qualified for the airdrop your address will be logged and you will be blocked by @sphynxairdrop.
If you take the time to create multiple telegram accounts and use different Ethereum addresses to get another airdrop allocation, you will most likely get past our defenses. However we will not launch presale until sufficient members are in our Telegram channel.

Presale Explanation:
After 2500 airdrops have been handed out and we have sufficient members in our telegram channel we will launch the presale.
We will do this though DXSale for peace of mind.
The soft cap will be 30 BNB and the hard cap will be 500 BNB
We will not allow a limit on how much any one address can contribute to the Presale, first in first serve.
Any remaining Presale allocation that is not purchased will be burnt.

Initial Liquidity will be split between BNB and BUSD so price of Sphynx will be less susceptible to BNB fluctuations.
Liquidity will be locked for 100 days. We believe there is a good chance Pulse Chain main net will be out within 100 days and if the community decides this is a good idea, BSC liquidity could be withdrawn, sold, and used to provide liquidity for Sphynx on Pulsechain.
If this is decided against or Pulsechain main net is not out yet, we will lock for 100 more days. After 100 days are up we will ask again. If the answer is still "leave liquidity on BSC" we will lock again for 100 more days and so on. We will do this 5 times over and if on the 5th time if the community wants liquidity to remain, we will lock it for 5555 days and then ask again. 5555 days is a very long time to the short term minded investor, but due to the many 5555 stakes we have as well as being true believers in Hex and Pulse we will be members of the community, and will be continuing development for a long time :)

Public sale explanation:
Free market, buy as much as you want whenever you want.
Take profits and buy back higher to contribute further to the fee mechanism.
1:1 + 4% swap. If you buy BSC Sphynx, hold, and then swap for Pulse Sphynx (only 2 transactions) you will not Lose any coins, you will actually end up with more as our fee mechanism rewards holders.
Take profits by selling back to us after Pulse main net has launched or sell to other members of the community who want to support our projects.
Speculate on Sphynx being included in the sacrifice set. Price go up into the right.
</p>
